they train as hard as any national
football team before a World Cup
qualifier maybe even harder spurred on
by the desire to make Palestinians proud
at a time of War even though the players
are far from home home is all they think
about nowadays whether we're going to
training or to the hotel players spend
24 hours on their phones to follow
what's happening when it comes to
sensitive cases such as the loss of
children civilians and their families it
motivates them to react and achieve
Victory to make the Palestinian people
happy as they say despite the pain there
is hope that hope is for a place at the
2026 World Cup finals for the very first
time but the tournament is still far in
the future the present brings its own
challenges Tuesday's match was
originally meant to be held at one of
palestine's Home stadiums but had to be
moved to Kuwait because of the conflict
and there's no guarantee their Tunisian
coach will be able to return to
Palestine after the match as Israel
restricts movement in and out of the
occupied Palestinian territories for
both Palestinians and
foreigners the situation is very hard we
don't know if I will have a permit to go
back to Palestine or not given the
situation as for the players training
camps are long so the local players will
be away from their families during these
times which is emotionally challenging
for them the Australian team have shown
their support midfielder Jackson Irvine
called the situation in Gaza
unfathomable to comprehend now now he
and his fellow players plan to donate a
portion of their match fees from
Tuesday's game towards humanitarian
efforts in Gaza but so far football's
governing body FIFA has been silent on
the plight of Palestinians unlike its
support for Ukraine at the start of the
war there in which it suspended Russian
teams from International competitions
FIFA is the gatekeeper it's the global
custodian of football there are players
and teams and their families who are
suffering as a con consquence of what's
happening and FIFA has said nothing
maybe if Palestine was a bigger country
more influential to FIFA then absolutely
FIFA would have made some kind of
statement on what is happening despite
this match being held on neutral
territory in Kuwait many Palestinian exp
Patriots are expected to turn out to
support their team focusing on football
at a time like this may seem trivial to
some but for Palestinians around the
world it offers a moment of unity and
pride Joanna garosa Al jazer Q8 City
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer